# Bike_sharePredictor

Problem Statement:

Bike sharing systems are a new generation of traditional bike rentals where the whole process from membership, rental and return back has become automatic. Through these systems, users are able to easily rent a bike from a particular position and return back at another position. Currently, there are about over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world which is composed of over 500 thousand bicycles. Today, there exists great interest in these systems due to their important role in traffic, environmental and health issues. Apart from interesting real-world applications of bike sharing systems, the characteristics of data being generated by these systems make them attractive for the research. The goal here is to build an end-to-end regression task. Here the user will provide the data and the result will be given by the best performing hyper tuned Machine Learning model. The user will also get privileges to choose the deployment options.

Software and account Requirement.
    Github Account
    Heroku Account
    VS Code IDE
    GIT cli
    GIT Documentation

Create conda environment:-  conda create -p venv python==3.7 -y
  Activate virtual env  :-    conda activate venv/

pip install -r requirements.txt

Add files to git at once:-    git add .


Add files to git individually:-   git add <file_name>



To check the git status:-  git status



To check all version maintained by git:-   git log


To create version/commit all changes by git:-  git commit -m "message"


To send version/changes to github:-    git push origin main


To check remote url:-  git remote -v


To setup CI/CD pipeline in heroku we need 3 information

HEROKU_EMAIL = <>

HEROKU_API_KEY = <>

HEROKU_APP_NAME = <>


BUILD DOCKER IMAGE:-  docker build -t <image_name>:<tagname> .
Note: Image name for docker must be lowercase


To list docker image:-  docker images

To check running container in docker:-  docker ps


To stop docker conatiner:-  docker stop <container_id>







